{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset222 Thonburi;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 HI THERE!
\b0 \
\
Thank you so much for choosing our work. Just want to let you know that we are appreciated.\
\
This package contains cute PREMIUM 2D characters + animations. Planned thoughtfully to cover all actions you need for a character in a RPG game such as movement, communication and emotion. Over 200 clips in total! All pivot is set. Prefab ready. Import package and you an use them right away. Great for using in a simulation game or RPG game that requires lots of customization.\
\
Designed to fit in Medieval theme. This package gives you..
\f1 .
\f0 \
\

\b Artworks (Fit both Male & Female) : 
\b0 \
2 Face styles (x16 acts)\
25 Front hair styles\
6 Side hair styles\
8 Back hair styles\
6 Head shapes\
Some sample of possible ornaments like hat, mask, cloak, etc.\
And 19 common weapons\
\

\b Specific Artworks :
\b0 \
4 Male costumes\
4 Female costumes\
[underwear, leather, chain and plate]\
\

\b The hare Artworks
\b0 \
24 sprites with 1 prefab of course\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\b Character's Prefab Contains 18 Objects:
\b0 \
Body\
Low body/Hips\
Legs\
Back ornament\
Arms and weapons\
1 Side shoulder\
Head\
Head ornaments(hat and mask)\
Hair (front, side and back)\
Face\
All layered by Z position.\
\

\b Animations
\b0 \
3 Layers : Base, Legs and face\
96 Clips for each gender\
17 Clips for the hare\
*For the list of all animations please see the screenshot images in Asset Store\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b NOTE!
\b0 \
You may have to use script(s) in order to change character's appearance, because there are many sprite changing keyframe in almost every clips.\
\
Included PSD files of costumes, face, weapons and the hare.\
Feel free to adapt and re-design.\
\
Please don\'92t forget to rate and comment on our work. Let us know if something is bad or need to be fixed. We also listening to your request if anything you want us to do next :\}\
\
Cheers,\
mimustudio@gmail.com (Ploi)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mimu-studio.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 www.mimustudio.com}}\
}